Fix permissions issues in Docker (#3138)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed pytest async io deprecation warning.
* Fixed an issue where **lint** falsely warned of using `demisto.results`.
* Added the `--incident-id` argument (optional) to the **run** command.

> * Fixed permissions issues in **run-unit-tests** and **update-content-graph** commands.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue in **run-unit-tests** and **update-content-graph** where running command in a docker container was done with insufficient permissions.
```
or something similar
